my name is Dr OD Al kutri I'm a dentist
specializing in treating children and
people with special
needs I got married one day before the
war the next day missiles were flying
everywhere 3 days later we left our home
and we moved from one shelter Camp to
[Music]
another in the camp I introduced myself
as a children's d
children would complain about their
teeth I would try treating them using
colleagues tools then I got the idea of
a mobile tent in the
camps I got a tent and I got a device it
was a mobile module I didn't have a seat
so I used a car seat
instead I didn't have any air
compression so I used a gas cylinder and
installed a valve and pressure gauge I
would literally fill it up with air from
any car tire repair shop
my team and I would check around 300
kids and treat 30 to 40
cases we offer children primary care
including tooth extraction or partial
root canal
treatment we are a people who don't know
the word
impossible sadly we lack the equipment
that would enable us to provide full
dental services the most common problem
we face is high cost and scarcity of
Dental Supplies with the crossing
clothes in the last 10 months nothing
comes in or goes
out our message to the world is a
message of defiance and
steadfastness we hope the world looks at
us with compassion and extends a helping
hand to stop this
war our children don't deserve what they
have had to
endure make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer